Kevin Moore - Valley of the 3 Keys

The Pregame phase.

	This project started in quite an overwhelming way. The first task at hand, writing a string library that seemed like this 
unscalable wall that left me baffled as to where to even start. However, as I worked on it, it helped me find and overcome one of my biggest 
weaknesses, being far to proud and independent. Nothing felt like defeat more than having to ask for help, but this project required it. 
Thankfully my desire to do well on the project helped me overcome this and ask questions. Once I started this, the answers to the string 
library started to flow. Step one complete.

The Game Coding phase.

	While coding the string library, it gave me plenty of time to think about what I wanted my game to be like. I knew that I didn't
just want to copy someone else's idea. This time I wanted to make something that was mine. So I fleshed out the story, and got to typing.
I once again had a lot of grand ideas for this game, but because I was so stubborn while working on the string library, my time was limited.
It almost felt like I was working in a "crunch". Really made me feel like I had a deadline to meet, and some features had to be left out
because of it. For instance, I would have liked to made a much more robust battle system. Also a true random functionality for the cave 
system. So I feel like even my lack of time taught me something.

Looking back.

	Working on this project I saw many ups and down. When things went wrong, it felt completely overwhelming. At first I didn't realize
that everyone else was in the same boat I was. I thought I just wasn't getting it. For someone who dragged his wife and 2 kids half 
way across the county, and lived in a tent for 2 weeks just to attend this school. That's a pretty devastating feeling. I still haven't
gotten the hang of not comparing myself to other students in the class. However, when things went right, it was quite an amazing feeling.

	While working on the game code in my very limited free time, I ran into a bug that caused the game to not be able to compile. I knew
that I couldn't waste my time with the bug at that moment because I had so much else to code. So for 4 days, I coded blind. I just had to
stop second guessing myself and code what I thought was right. This allowed me to get more work done in the limited time I had. Thankfully, 
almost all the blind code I wrote worked just as intended! This was the best I've felt about my own ability since I started this class.

Out of all the things that I got from this project, more confidence in my own abilities is by far the greatest of all.
